The "philosophers problem" is a classic problem in computer science
that describes a scenario in which several philosophers are seated around a table,
each with a plate of food in front of them.
Between each pair of philosophers is a fork.
In order to eat, a philosopher must use the fork to their left
and the fork to their right.
The problem is to create a program that coordinates the actions
of the philosophers such that no philosopher becomes too hungry or goes hungry.

To solve this problem, you will need to use threads and mutexes.
A thread is a separate flow of execution within a program,
while a mutex (short for "mutual exclusion")
is a type of synchronization object that controls access
to a shared resource by multiple threads.

To begin your program,
you will need to create a separate thread for each philosopher.
In the thread function for each philosopher,
you will need to implement a loop that describes the actions of the philosopher.
Inside the loop, the philosopher should first try to acquire the fork to their left.
If they are able to acquire the fork,
they should then try to acquire the fork to their right.
If both forks are acquired,
the philosopher should eat for the specified amount of time.
After eating, the philosopher should release the forks and then sleep
for the specified amount of time.
If a philosopher is unable to acquire both forks,
they should think for a specified amount of time before trying again.

To protect the forks from being used by multiple philosophers at the same time,
you will need to use mutexes.
You should create a mutex for each fork and use the mutex lock
and unlock functions to control access to the forks.

You should also include logic to handle the case where a philosopher dies
if they have not eaten within a certain amount of time.
You can use the gettimeofday function to track the time elapsed
since the last time a philosopher ate.

I hope this helps to clarify the requirements of the project.
If you have any further questions or need more specific guidance,
please let me know.


To get started, you will need to create a separate thread for each philosopher.
You can use the pthread_create function to create a new thread.
The thread function for each philosopher should contain a loop
that describes the actions of the philosopher.
Inside the loop, the philosopher should first try
to acquire the fork to their left using the pthread_mutex_lock function.
If they are able to acquire the fork,
they should then try to acquire the fork to their right.
If both forks are acquired, the philosopher should eat
for the specified amount of time using the usleep function.
After eating, the philosopher should release the forks using the
pthread_mutex_unlock function and then sleep for the specified amount of time
using the usleep function.
If a philosopher is unable to acquire both forks,
they should think for a specified amount of time before trying again.

You will also need to create a mutex for each fork using the pthread_mutex_init function and destroy the mutexes when they are no longer needed using the pthread_mutex_destroy function.

Here is some sample code that demonstrates how to create a thread and use mutexes to synchronize access to shared resources: